### Ramp

- **Principles/Values:**
  - **Grow without fear:** "As Ramp grows, we will face new challenges. To overcome them, each of us will be asked to grow alongside the company. We expect this to be uncomfortable at times, and we grow by embracing this discomfort. We place smart bets on people's potential, and we don't aim for zero defects. We seek out growth areas, think boldly, and aim for excellence. It is your responsibility to challenge yourself and support your teammates as we reach new heights together."
  - **We win when customers win:** "Ramp succeeds when our customers succeed. Our products are a competitive advantage for our customers, helping them run their businesses as effectively as possible. The only way we can continue delivering is by ensuring customers have a seat at every table, a voice in every debate, and a vote in every decision we make. We must obsess about making customers more successful. We always keep customers' interests top of mind and expect our teammates to do the same."
  - **Amp it up:** "Speed matters. Getting back to someone today is better than tomorrow. We push ourselves to make decisions when we have just enough information rather than waste time collecting more data. A simple solution that ships is better than a perfect one stuck on the cutting floor. We make faster progress on the projects that are of the highest priority by saying 'no' to the ones that aren't. We're comfortable asking if a timeline is ambitious enough - and appreciate when someone pushes us to do the same. We make the most of our scarce time to push forward, little by little, each day."
  - **We're one team:** "If we want to go far, we must go together. Ramp is a collection of people who, together, can achieve things that none of us could on our own. We lean on each other for input and guidance and are good teammates. We default to open channels and docs so people can follow along with our work. We optimize for the company, no one individual project or team. We won't always agree, and at our pace, everyone can't be in every discussion. Instead, we trust that all of us solve problems by identifying what will be best for our customers and for Ramp."
  - **Ramp is built for everyone:** "We're here to help businesses be more successful. We don't select our customers based on the ideology or views of their organization or owners. Similarly, Ramplings join us based on their ability to drive the business forward. We focus on our commonalities - a desire to contribute to the mission - rather than our differences. As an organization, we take stances on issues that impact our business directly and do not comment on ones that don't."
  - **Take ownership:** "A company is nothing but a collection of people. We believe in the power of every individual at Ramp. We channel that power by giving individuals significant ownership of their work. In exchange, we require everyone here to care. To care a lot. Caring can be draining. It's following through on commitments, it's asking 'why' until we fully understand, it's getting annoyed, and taking initiative when the quality doesn't meet our bar. And sometimes it's respecting the decision of another owner, even when you disagree. Feathers will get ruffled - and that's the price we're willing to pay to keep pushing our standards ever higher."

- **Source:** https://ramp.com/about-us
- **Date Accessed:** 2025-01-14